[MTM-63365] Added note about own metaspace parameters (#3228)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/developing-microservice.md

### Heap and perm/metadata {#heap-and-permmetadata}

> To calculate heap and perm/metadata, it takes the limit defined on the [microservice manifest](/microservice-sdk/general-aspects/#microservice-manifest) (`resources/memory`) and it is converted into Megabytes (MB). For Java applications developed using the Java Microservice SDK the minimal value is 178MB. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To calculate heap and perm/metadata, it takes the limit defined in the [microservice manifest](/microservice-sdk/general-aspects/#microservice-manifest) (`resources/memory`) and it is converted into Megabytes (MB). For Java applications developed using the Java Microservice SDK the minimal value is 178MB. <br>
```

The package plugin is responsible for the creation of a Docker container, RPM file and for creating a ZIP file that can be deployed on the platform.
It can be configured with the following parameters:  

> (If a single xml tag is specified as parameter in the following list, use embracing xml tags like \<tag>...\</tag> to set those parameters in pom.xml. "..." must be replaced by the respective value of the corresponding data type. Use "Parameter command line name" to set the corresponding parameter on maven command line.)

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it rather be like 
...Use Parameter "command line name" to ...  (position of first quotation mark)

Author: "Parameter command line name" is the header of the table column. But perhaps I should change this to "command line parameter name"!?

Author: I now changed "Parameter command line name" to "Command line parameter name".

> (If a single xml tag is specified as parameter in the following list, use embracing xml tags like \<tag>...\</tag> to set those parameters in pom.xml. "..." must be replaced by the respective value of the corresponding data type. Use "Parameter command line name" to set the corresponding parameter on maven command line.)

Author: ```suggestion
(If a single xml tag is specified as parameter in the following list, use embracing xml tags like \<tag>...\</tag> to set those parameters in pom.xml. "..." must be replaced by the respective value of the corresponding data type. Use "Command line parameter name" to set the corresponding parameter on maven command line.)
```

> | Parameter<br>short form<br>for pom.xml entries<br> in \<configuration> section |                                      Data type                                       |                                               Parmameter<br>command<br>line name                                                |                                             Default value                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| Parameter<br>short form<br>for pom.xml entries<br> in \<configuration> section |                                      Data type                                       |                                               Command line<br>parameter name                                                |                                             Default value                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

</plugin>
...
```
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Note: Settings for heap and metaspace must be aligned with your settings of `resources/memory` in microservice manifest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Settings for heap and metaspace must be aligned with your settings of `resources/memory` in the microservice manifest
```

> Note: Settings for heap and metaspace must be aligned with your settings of `resources/memory` in the microservice manifest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings for heap and metaspace must be aligned with your settings of `resources/memory` in the microservice manifest
```

> file `cumulocity.json`. You have to be sure about the effect those parameters might have. Those parameters are directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file *cumulocity.json*. You must be aware of the effect these parameters might have. These parameters are directly
```

> used for the microservice start without further verification. For example be sure that the heap values meet the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for the microservice start without further verification. For example, make sure that the heap values meet the
```

condition: Xms < Xmx.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

##### Setting parameters on command line {#package-goal-command-line}

> For information about how and whether it is possible to set parameters on command line refer to column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how and whether it is possible to set parameters on the command line refer to the column
```

> "Parameter command line name" of table in chapter [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Parameter command line name" in the table in [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).
```

> "Parameter command line name" in the table in [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).

Author: ```suggestion
"Command line parameter name" in the table in [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).
```
